Add docs on how to use tabs in Obsidian (#343)
obsidianmd/obsidian-docs: en/User interface/Use tabs in Obsidian.md

---
alias: 
- Stacked tabs
- Linked pane
- Pane layout
---

You can open as many tabs as you want in Obsidian. You can also arrange tabs to create custom layouts that persist until the next time you open the application.

## Open a new tab

At the top of the application window, next to the last tab on the right, select **New tab** (plus icon). Or, use a keyboard shortcut:

- **Windows and Linux:** `Ctrl+t`
- **macOS:** `Cmd+t`

## Open a new tab in a new tab group

To open a tab in a new tab group, use the following keyboard shortcuts:

- **Windows and Linux:** `Ctrl+Shift+t`
- **macOS:** `Cmd+Shift+t`

## Open a link

Select a link in Obsidian to open it in the active tab.

To open a link in a new tab, press `Ctrl` (or `Cmd` on macOS) and select the link.

## Organize your tabs and windows

> Every tab belongs to a _tab group_, and every tab group belongs to a window. You can move tabs into or out of tab groups and from the application window into their own windows.

Reviewer: Something about this section feels a bit off. I don't think this part is necessary:

> and every tab group belongs to a window

I also wonder if it makes sense to introduce the concept of a tab group but not really say what it is.

Here's my attempt:

```suggestion
Every tab belongs to a _tab group_. You can drag and drop tabs to rearrange them within their tab group, move them to a different tab group, or create a new tab group. On desktop, tabs can be dragged out of their window to open them in their own _popout window_.
```
